Update `dotnet build` documentation (#15098)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-build.md

> 

Reviewer: let's update the ms.date on line 4 to today's date

## Description

> The `dotnet build` command builds the project and its dependencies into a set of binaries. The binaries include the project's code in Intermediate Language (IL) files with a *.dll* extension and symbol files used for debugging with a *.pdb* extension. Executable projects (as opposed to libraries) may produce additional files, such as a dependencies JSON file (*.deps.json*) that lists the dependencies of the application, and a *.runtimeconfig.json* file which specifies the shared runtime and its version for the application.

Reviewer: With 3.0, it can also produce exe's now right? I might edit this paragraph to have a different format.

> The `dotnet build` command builds the project and its dependencies into a set of binaries. The binaries include the project's code in Intermediate Language (IL) files with a *.dll* extension and symbol files used for debugging with a *.pdb* extension. Executable projects (as opposed to libraries) may produce additional files, such as a dependencies JSON file (*.deps.json*) that lists the dependencies of the application, and a *.runtimeconfig.json* file which specifies the shared runtime and its version for the application.

Reviewer 2: ❗️ Library projects also produce *.deps.json* files.

> For executable projects targeting .NET Core 3.0 or higher, third-party dependencies such as libraries from NuGet are included in the project's built output.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to mention the `<CopyLocalLockFileAssemblies>` MSBuild property in this article (for libraries)?

Author: I don't think that needs to go here.  I'm trying to accurately describe the behavior without being too confusing :-)

> For executable projects targeting versions of .NET Core before 3.0, these dependencies are NOT copied to the output folder.  They are resolved from the NuGet global packages folder at runtime.  With that in mind, the product of `dotnet build` isn't ready to be transferred to another machine to run.  This is in contrast to the behavior of the .NET Framework in which building an executable project (an application) produces output that's runnable on any machine where the .NET Framework is installed. To have a similar experience with .NET Core, you need to use the [dotnet publish](dotnet-publish.md) command. For more information, see [.NET Core Application Deployment](../deploying/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For executable projects targeting versions earlier than .NET Core 3.0, these dependencies are NOT copied to the output folder.  They are resolved from the NuGet global packages folder at run time. With that in mind, the product of `dotnet build` isn't ready to be transferred to another machine to run. This is in contrast to the behavior of the .NET Framework in which building an executable project (an application) produces output that's runnable on any machine where the .NET Framework is installed. To have a similar experience with .NET Core, you need to use the [dotnet publish](dotnet-publish.md) command. For more information, see [.NET Core Application Deployment](../deploying/index.md).
```

Reviewer: This paragraph is only applicable to executable projects earlier than 3.0, right?
So is the statement about not being able to transfer the result to another machine only applicable to earlier than 3.0? Or are there cases while that is still true? It would be good to comment on that on the previous paragraph.

## Description

> The `dotnet build` command builds the project and its dependencies into a set of binaries. The binaries include the project's code in Intermediate Language (IL) files with a *.dll* extension.  Depending on the project type and settings, other files may be included, such as:

Reviewer 2: > Depending on the project type and settings...

Any details on the type and settings?

I miss the `<EnableDynamicLoading>` property which makes libraries produce runtime configuration files and copy Nuget dependencies.

Author: We do want to add more documentation on the various project settings, but it wouldn't be on this page.

</PropertyGroup>
```

> To produce a library, omit the `<OutputType>` property, or change the `OutputType` to `Library`. The IL DLL for a library doesn't contain entry points and can't be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To produce a library, omit the `<OutputType>` property or change its value to `Library`. The IL DLL for a library doesn't contain entry points and can't be executed.
```

### MSBuild

`dotnet build` uses MSBuild to build the project, so it supports both parallel and incremental builds. For more information, see [Incremental Builds](/visualstudio/msbuild/incremental-builds).

In addition to its options, the `dotnet build` command accepts MSBuild options, such as `-p` for setting properties or `-l` to define a logger. For more information about these options, see the [MSBuild Command-Line Reference](/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference). Or you can also use the [dotnet msbuild](dotnet-msbuild.md) command.

> Running `dotnet build` is essentially equivalent to `dotnet msbuild -restore` (the default verbosity of the output is also different).

Reviewer: Is the difference just the verbosity? If so, I'd suggest something like this.

```suggestion
Running `dotnet build` is essentially equivalent to `dotnet msbuild -restore` (the default verbosity of the output is different though).
```

</PropertyGroup>
```

To produce a library, omit the `<OutputType>` property or change its value to `Library`. The IL DLL for a library doesn't contain entry points and can't be executed.

### MSBuild

`dotnet build` uses MSBuild to build the project, so it supports both parallel and incremental builds. For more information, see [Incremental Builds](/visualstudio/msbuild/incremental-builds).

In addition to its options, the `dotnet build` command accepts MSBuild options, such as `-p` for setting properties or `-l` to define a logger. For more information about these options, see the [MSBuild Command-Line Reference](/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference). Or you can also use the [dotnet msbuild](dotnet-msbuild.md) command.

> Running `dotnet build` is equivalent to running `dotnet msbuild -restore`; however, the default verbosity of the output is different.

Reviewer: @dsplaisted how do you feel about this comment made here?
https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/15196#discussion_r335136282

Is there something we should note here?

Author: I don't think so.  We are showing the safe way to do it `-restore` here.

* **`-o|--output <OUTPUT_DIRECTORY>`**

>   Directory in which to place the built binaries. If not specified, the default path is `./bin/<configuration>/<framework>/`.

Reviewer: Having to define `--framework` was never true?

Author: I don't think so.  I'm not sure where that line came from.

Reviewer 3: -o is basically broken for multi-targeted projects :(, it sets OutputPath as global property IIRC, and each TFM then overwrites the other :( I'm guessing this was added to avoid that case. We really should fix it instead.

Author: OK, I've added this:

> For projects with multiple target frameworks (via the `TargetFrameworks` property), you also need to define `--framework` when you specify this option.
